Add Blueprints section to the "How to Contribute" guide (#1137)
kytos/kytos: docs/developer/how_to_contribute.rst

#.  Create a new PR in GitHub
#.  Respond to any code review feedback

Blueprint
---------

> We have a type of document used to describe our architectural choices, called a 
> ‘blueprint’. This document records all the main architectural decisions made in 
> the kytos project, this document is developed for our current developers and 
> mainly for our future developers. This document is used to specify the details 
> of any process, resource, and anything else that is desirable to be implemented, 
> resulting in a major architectural change. You can check out our blueprints to 
> learn more about our architectural choices in the `blueprint section`_. 
> Remember that this document is not just for you, but mainly for other 
> developers. 

Reviewer: Maybe it could be something like that:

```suggestion
We have a type of document used to describe our architectural choices, called 
‘blueprint’. This document is developed for our developers and records all the
main architectural decisions made in the kytos project. Blueprints are used to
specify the details of any process, resource, and anything else that is
desirable to be implemented, resulting in a major architectural change. You can
check out our blueprints to learn more about our architectural choices in the
`blueprint section`_. Remember that this document is not just for you, but
mainly for other developers.
```
